Don't replace PVCs when resources change (#1705)
pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes: CHANGELOG.md

## HEAD (Unreleased)

> - Don't replace PVC on .spec.resources.requests change. (https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/1705)
>     - *NOTE*: User's will now need to use need to use the `replaceOnChanges` resource option for PVCs if modifying the size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't replace PVC on .spec.resources.requests or .limits change. (https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/pull/1705)
    - *NOTE*: User's will now need to use the `replaceOnChanges` resource option for PVCs if modifying requests or limits to trigger replacement
```
